hey guys john v here from phone right
now right now i'm taking a first look
between the Motorola MOTO X and the
apple iphone 5 we just heard about the
Moto X just announced very recently take
a quick quick look at these devices is
how they stack up against one another
now in terms of the size you could tell
the difference here almost identical
which is pretty amazing for the Moto X
considering that it has the larger
display between the two it's a 4.7
inches AMOLED display it's a it's 720p
so it beats out the iphone 5 in terms of
the pure resolution because the iPhone 5
has a resolution of 11 36 x 640 and on
top of that it's almost just fantastic
that motor role has been able to make a
handset even with the larger screen that
pretty much mimics the size of the
iphone 5 a very form-fitting and natural
we definitely like how the Moto X it
feels in the hand it just has a very
nice ergonomic feel to it especially due
to the rounded casing whereas the iPhone
5 is a little bit more flat around the
around the back here so it does make it
a little bit sharp too when you hold it
towards the materials though the robbery
finish is nice on the Moto X it just
gives a nice clean clean finish it's a
composite material rubbery feel it's a
different contrast to the iphone 5s a
brushed aluminum casing now i have here
it's just a decal but underneath that of
course is just that brushed aluminum
casing so the ipod still exhibits the
premium aspect whereas the Moto X is a
little more bumble with its design
characteristics plastic verse metal so
you know some people will prefer the
metal over the plastic but the in the
hand feel definitely had goes to the
Moto X it displays it nice and sharp IPS
LCD versus the the ambulance point in
the motorola moto x and of course they
have their own perks for example you
have a good viewing angles with both but
you have more saturated color tones with
the my display of the Moto X whereas the
the IPS LCD panel in the in the iphone 5
it's a little bit more more
more natural and more accurate you can
see here see if we get a closer look at
their their clarity if we take a look at
the web pages here from zoomed out view
honestly it's pretty much identical very
hard to tell exactly which one's going
to beat out too so they're still both
nice and sharp and no issues in sports
making out even fine details in the web
browser their pad by different
processors naturally you have the moto x
mobile computing system in the Moto X
and apple a6 apple a6 processor in the
iphone 5 they're both very snap being
quick so that's nice and as far as the
rest you have a 10 megapixel camera on
the on the Moto X is a clear pixel
utilizes a totally different technology
whereas the iPhone 5 has at eight
megapixel iSight camera its rear both
have the bill shoot 1080p videos and
enjoyed versus iOS of course we all know
a difference you get a little bit more
personalization with the with the
Android experience whereas the iphone 5
you're going to have just you know a
little more static approach with the
layout of the UI and the last thing
worth noting here is just availability
Moto X nice thing about it is that it's
all coming out to all four major
carriers in the US ett sprint verizon
and same thing we know that the iphone
5s currently available with all them as
well so it's going to be interesting how
they stack up in the end but if you want
to learn more about both handsets guys
you can check out our website
phonearena.com is john v thanks for
watching